Ah now coming to basic training you need to know the same boat as the crew shot
Start
From now on, you will learn a simple tactics and a tribal education
I will do it.
There is an inflatable lifeboat so co2 has a middle age buckle
anchorage
U
4 Obviously these bracelets come out four .
Next, let's look Chun Hyang
U
When you check your seat back at 32 degrees,
To toie
U
5 ah
Ah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Slowly moving away from the harbor
Ah ah ah ah
It starts in the middle of the sea.
Go right a little while I will explain a little about the cheek views
Fortunately , Puff talks about it.
Gotta force once spilled bottle of soju so that debt is in fact the most feared in the world
Subtract
There are some disabilities that the center director
Actually, I tried to get some explanations.
What ought to risotto twice now shaken
Ganikka this is not just something secondary, we are this day and mucous membranes of the day
There's a time to shed.
Make sure you do not have the fear of the tower until yesterday.
Yes, this can be seen in a cab or in your school
It's the best place in Korea.
This makes this place once He was a real party
There is always time to be open without being open, so be careful
I do not get frozen food that I can and can not do.
Aid very close, so this is mandatory sealer
Since getting the next group that we Bae you are located to increase nursing
I'm getting better.
Reportedly,
I know what I am now
Feeling Aomos
Oh Ah
Yes, Watch Show 5
Now this may happen and what you boyineu where 14 is modified
And all of you guys are over here and all is done here
Is
I would put a light on it. Harima
로 Wuxi rich index 4
You check everything with a gauge card.
Be precise about where you should go and what tasks you need to perform on your three-day
Because you can see
Because to check the status of the forest was silent precisely on time today, Mariners 4
What we have to do this because the missions undertaken depending on the situation varies doeneundeyo
You should memorize your personal job well in advance Mini Card Battle bat first without panic
You can quickly move your own crucible bullets
Oh yes I did now ah Policy
The hoist is attached to a length of 1 Hamgyong fluid culture
It is a Korean graffiti and a sickness sickness.
When can dolphins be seen?
Can you see that?
Deal is white whale whale
I do not know what is the font
In June, the left side shark nose
He'll be 35 once again look into because the more the face by distance
If you stay there , I will not be there.
Then it's enemy, and eventually I know the situation.
Throw it away
The biochemical nephew is a herd
Other situations are so attaching lead lead
Sometimes I remember who
good 2 head with a slight temptation
Thinking and turning the object off
Firm wrote the Lord of the Lord now that he's 50 losing South Balls
I will.
Arr 51 de Ares
0 11 Amateur bamboo bull burning bore ah
What favorite naeryeoteo digging wheels'll do so 50 already threaded on a trip
Olly just when she eyes her.
U
Ah